Core Competencies
Quality, affordable, and open education

VISION
The University of Mindanao envisions to be a leading globally engaged university creating sustainable impact in society.

MISSION
The University of Mindanao seeks to provide a dynamic learning environment through the highest standard of instruction, extension, research and production in a private non-sectarian institution committed to democratizing access to education.

CORE VALUES
Excellence
We are committed to world-class customer service and quality as we excel for the mutual success of our stakeholders. We ensure that our products and services are on par with the global standards to ensure its responsiveness and impact on our stakeholders and the community and country in general.

Honesty and Integrity
Our organization establishes utmost trust and ensures transparency in dealing with our stakeholders. We practice accountability in all our undertakings especially those that involve our stakeholders. Professionalism is at the core of our thrusts as an academic institution.

Innovation
We always think outside the box to be of prime service to our stakeholders. We do this by continuously improving existing programs and introducing new initiatives as value added benefits to our clients.

Teamwork
We believe in the concept that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. We value the collective effort of every stakeholder through synergy, cooperation, collaboration, and 'esprit de corps' as it is integral to the success of the institution.


EDUCATIONAL ORGANIZATION QUALITY POLICY AND OBJECTIVES
Educational Organization Quality Policy
The University of Mindanao is committed to excellence in instruction, extension, research and production with a global perspective through continuing improvement of the Integrated Management System and meeting the needs of stakeholders, adhering to applicable requirements, and respect to intellectual property.

Educational Organization Quality Objectives
Achieve excellence in governance, instruction, extension, research and production.
Provide excellent student services and alumni engagement.
Develop strong national and international linkages.
Harness a competent and engaged workforce.
Provide state-of-the-art facilities for a healthy and safe learning environment.
Improve constantly operational efficiency and effectiveness.

PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION
Transformative education through polishing diamonds in the rough.


Commission on Higher Education
Autonomous Status
The University of Mindanao is currently an Autonomous Status per CEB Resolution No. 651-2019 with Category A (t) per CMO No. 12 s. 2019 standing, accredited by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED).

Center of Excellence
Center of Excellence (COE) refers to a department within a higher education institution which continuously demonstrates excellent performance in the areas of instruction, research and publication, extension and linkages and institutional qualifications.

Business Administration
Criminology
Teacher Education
Center of Development
Center of Development (COD) refers to a department within a higher education institution which demonstrates the potential to become a Center of Excellence (COE) in the future.

Accountancy
Computer Engineering
Information Technology
Electrical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering



Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities Commission on Accreditation
University with the second highest number of accredited programs in the Philippines
Institution with the highest number of accredited programs in Region XI
First Architecture program to have been granted Level IV Accredited Status in Region XI
First Master of Arts in Education program to have been granted Level IV Accredited Status in Region XI
First Master of Public Administration program to have been granted Level IV Accredited Status in Region XI
For producing a graduate who obtained the highest rating (topnotcher) in the March 2023 Licensure Examination for Professional Teachers (Secondary Level)
Level I
Accredited Status Programs
Programs which have at least been granted an initial accredited status by any of the member agencies of the FAAP, and whose status is certified by the latter.

BS Information Systems
BS Fine Arts
BS Legal Management
BS Biology
Multimedia Arts
PhD in Management
PhD in Applied Linguistics
BS Mathematics
Master of Science in Economics
Master in Management
Level II
Accredited Status Programs
Programs which have at least been granted an initial accredited status by any of the member agencies of the FAAP, and whose status is certified by the latter.

BS Real Estate Management
BS Entrepreneurship
PhD in Criminal Justice
Doctor in Public Administration
Accounting Technology
Level III
Reaccredited Status Programs
Programs which have been reaccredited and which have met the additional criteria or guidelines set by FAAP.

Electronics Engineering
Nursing
Tourism Management
Social Work
Library and Information Science
Master of Science in Social Work
Master in Environmental Planning
Master in Engineering
Master of Science in Criminal Justice
Master in Library and Information Science
Master in Public Administration
Doctor of Education
Doctor in Business Administration
Computer Engineering
Hotel and Restaurant Management
Chemical Engineering
Level IV
Accredited Status Programs
Programs which are highly respected as very high academic programs in the Philippines and which has prestige and authority, comparable to similar programs in excellent foreign universities.

Mechanical Engineering
Architecture
Accountancy
Information Technology
Criminology
Computer Science
Master of Business Administration
Master of Arts in Education
Civil Engineering
Liberal Arts
Business Administration
Bachelor of Secondary Education
Bachelor of Elementary Education
Electrical Engineering



ASEAN University Network Quality Assurance Group (AUN-QA)
Associate Member
The ASEAN University Network-Quality Assurance (AUN-QA) Network was created to realise the mission of harmonising educational standards and seeking continuous improvement of academic quality of universities in the ASEAN region. AUN-QA activities are carried out in accordance with the Bangkok Accord adopted in 2000, which provides a series of guidelines to promote the development of a quality assurance system as instruments for maintaining, improving and enhancing teaching, research and the overall academic standards of AUN member universities. Since the establishment of the Bangkok Accord in 2000, AUN-QA has been actively promoting, developing, and implementing quality assurance practices based on an empirical approach where quality assurance practices are shared, tested, evaluated, and improved.

Certified Programs
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Bachelor of Science in Criminology
Bachelor of Secondary Education
Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management
Bachelor of Science in Accountancy
Bachelor of Elementary Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Major in Financial Management


Philippine Technological Council
The Philippine Technological Council (PTC) was formed in 1978 as one of the sectoral components of the Federation of Professional Associations (FPA now known as PFPA) and was incorporated in 1980 as non-stock and non-profit corporation under the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by a group of concerned and selfless individuals who shared the common ideal of fostering the adoption and utilization of technological and engineering expertise of engineers to improve the quality of life of peoples and to contribute to the socio-economic development agenda of the communities where they operate.

Accredited Programs
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering

Société Générale de Surveillance
ISO 9001 is the international standard for a quality management system (“QMS”). In order to be certified to the ISO 9001 standard, a company must follow the requirements set forth in the ISO 9001 Standard. The standard is used by organizations to demonstrate their ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory requirements and to demonstrate continuous improvement.

QMS Certified to ISO 9001:2015 by SGS


Philippine Quality Award
PQA Level IV
The University of Mindanao is the first academic institution in the Philippines awarded the 2023 Philippine Quality Award (PQA) Level IV - Performance Excellence.


People Management Association of the Philippines Award
The University of Mindanao was garnered the People Management Association of the Philippines (PMAP) Award as the 2018 Best Employer for Mindanao in recognition of its quality management practices.

The PMAP accrediting team rated the university on the following categories: line management and human resources partnership, people engagement, performance focus, social responsibility, and leadership approaches.

It was awarded to university officials representing Dr. Torres in a ceremony held in Cagayan de Oro city last July 21, 2018.


PCS Information and Computing Accreditation Board
The Philippine Computer Society’s Information and Computing Accreditation Board (PICAB) accredited the University of Mindanao’s Bachelor of Science in Information Technology program and Bachelor of Science in Computer Science program, all under the College of Computing Education.

The PICAB is considered the premier organization for Information Technology professionals in the country.


Quacquarelli Symonds (QS)
QS Stars: Rated Good
The University of Mindanao has been awarded a 3 Stars Rating by Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), a globally recognized university rating system. The QS Stars rating evaluates institutions across a broad range of criteria, including teaching, employability, research, internationalization, facilities, and inclusiveness. Achieving a 3 Stars rating signifies that the university demonstrates a strong performance and delivers quality education, student support, and facilities that meet international standards.


QS Asia University Rankings 2026
The University of Mindanao has also been included in the QS Asia University Rankings 2026, placing #203 in South-Eastern Asia and within the #1301–1400 band overall.

University Ranking Highlights
Our Standing in Global and National Academic Rankings


#203 in South-Eastern Asia
#1301-1400 in Asia
2026 QS Asia University Rankings


#17 in the Philippines
#188 in Asia
2026 AppliedHE's Top Private University


Rank 1501+
Times Higher Education Impact Ranking (2025)


#20 in the Philippines
2025 uniRank


#2 in Davao City
#46 in the Philippines
2026 Webometrics


#1 in Davao City
#21 in the Philippines
2025 EduRank


#2 in Davao City
#56 in the Philippines
2024 AD Scientific Index

campuses

https://umindanao.edu.ph/redirect/umtagum
https://umindanao.edu.ph/redirect/umpanabo
https://umindanao.edu.ph/redirect/umdigos
https://umindanao.edu.ph/redirect/umbansalan





