1.  image namwe (banner-ps) 
About the College
The UM Graduate School is the first in the Region to be granted Accreditation by any accrediting agency.

It is also the largest graduate school in the Region.

Professional Schools - Masters
Master of Arts in Education major in
 Educational Management
 M.A.ED. - Teaching English
 M.A.ED. - Teaching Filipino
 M.A.ED. - Physical Education
 M.A.ED. - Teaching Science
 M.A.ED. - Teaching Mathematics
 M.A.ED. - Teaching and Livelihood Education
 M.A.ED. - Elementary Education
Master in Business Administration
Master in Public Administration
Master of Science in Criminal Justice
Master of Science in Psychology major in Clinical Psychology
Master in Environmental Planning
Master in International Tourism and Hospitality Management
Master in Information Technology
Master of Science in Social Work major in
Advanced Social Work Practice
Direct Social work Practice
Master of Arts in Communication
Master in Library and Information Science
Master in Engineering major in Civil Engineering
Professional Schools - Doctoral
Doctor of Education in Educational Management
Doctor of Philosophy in Filipino
Doctor of Philosophy in Management
Doctor in Public Administration
Doctor in Business Administration
Doctor of Philosophy in Criminal Justice
Doctor of Philosophy in Applied Linguistics
Doctor of Philosophy in Mathematics



2.image name (cle)
About the College
The college adopts a flexible and creative learning approach. It has a pool of dynamic faculty with expertise in a broad range of legal fields.

It has established the University of Mindanao Legal Advocacy Network (ULAN), a community extension program supported by the United States of America through the provision of research and educational materials.

3. image name (banner-cae)
About the College
The College of Accounting Education is home to Davao Region’s topnotch Certied Public Accountants (CPAs), having produced the most number of CPA Licensure Examination placers. The college also maintains the most number of academic scholars in the University who were high school valedictorians and salutatorians. It has Level III accreditation from PACUCOA, and is certied by the Commission on Higher Education as a Center of Development.

It upholds the track record of being consistently at par with the national passing rate in the CPA Licensure Examinations

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Accountancy
 Bachelor of Science in Accounting Information System
 Bachelor of Science in Management Accounting

4. image name (banner-cafae)
About the College
The College of Architecture and Fine Arts Education is the creative academic unit of UM.

The University of Mindanao is the first to offer an Architecture Program in Davao region. It is accredited Level IV by the PACUCOA – the first Architecture school in the country granted PACUCOA Accreditation. Meanwhile, its Bachelor of Fine Arts and Design program also has Level 1 status with the PACUCOA.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Architecture
 Bachelor of Fine Arts and Design Major in Painting
 Bachelor of Science in Interior Design


5.image name (banner-case)
About the College
The College of Arts and Sciences Education is the most diverse academic unit of UM. It enriches character, good citizenship, and life skills of students through its general education courses. Its academic programs cultivate creative thought, strong intellectual inquiry, high academic responsibility and integrity. Its outcomes-based and industry - conferred curricula are treading the path toward excellence through quality assurance endeavors such as accreditation, internal quality audit, research engagement, and internationalization.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Arts in Communication
 Bachelor of Arts in English Language
 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science
 Bachelor of Science in Agroforestry
 Bachelor of Science in Biology with Specializations in Ecology
 Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science
 Bachelor of Science in Forestry
 Bachelor of Science in Psychology
 Bachelor of Science in Social Work

6.image name (banner-cbae)

About the College
The College of Business Administration Education prepares individuals for success in a global society by offering business education that integrates theory and practice, and instills practical knowledge and skills including the use of information technology; preparing for life-long learning, and building enduring relationships with the students, alumni, and the extended community.

UM is the only school in Mindanao granted Center of Excellence by CHED for its Business and Management programs, as well as Level IV accreditation by PACUCOA.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Major in Business Economics
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Major in Financial Management
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Major in Human Resource Management
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Major in Marketing Management
 Bachelor of Science in Customs Administration
 Bachelor of Science in Entrepreneurship
 Bachelor of Science in Legal Management
 Bachelor of Science in Real Estate Management

7.image name (banner-cce)

About the College
The College of Computing Education maintains its reputation as one of the best computer schools in the region through its PACUCOA Level IV accredited programs as well as being a certified Center of Development. The college is composed of highly qualified faculty members who are skilled and equipped with the updated skills in different fields of computer studies.

The Computer Science and Information Technology program of the college is granted Center of Development (COD) status by CHED. It has forged collaborations with Apple, Google, Microsoft (Center of Training) and IBM.

Furthermore, the Computer Science and Information Technology program of the college is also PICAB (Philippine Computer Society (PCS) Information and Computing Accreditation Board) accredited.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
 Bachelor of Science in Entertainment and Multimedia Computing Major in Game Development
 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
 Bachelor of Library and Information Science
 Bachelor of Multimedia Arts

8.image name (banner-ccje)
About the College
The College of Criminal Justice Education is the premier and the biggest Criminology school in Davao. It is the first criminology school in Mindanao granted Level IV accreditation by PACUCOA and awarded by CHED as Center of Excellence. It has produced the region’s topnotchers in the Criminologist Licensure Examination.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Criminology

9.image name (banner-cee)
About the College
The premier engineering school in the region with its Electrical Engineering Program, and the first to be granted Level IV Accreditation by PACUCOA. The Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering programs of the College are granted Center of Development (COD) status by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED).

The University’s membership to the elite ASEAN International Mobility of Students (AIMS) Program is because of the standards highly recognized by other topnotch engineering institutions in the ASEAN region; thus being granted sole representation of Mindanao by the CHED.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
 Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering Major in Geotechnical
 Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering Major in Structural
 Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering Major in Transportation
 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
 Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering
 Bachelor of Science in Materials Engineering
 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering


10.image name (banner-Che)

About the College
The College of Hospitality Education aims to produce working professionals who are equipped with skills and capabilities for the hospitality and tourism industries. The college brought several achievements to the University in different competitions in the regional and national levels.

It is granted Level III accreditation from the PACUCOA (BS in Tourism Management & BS in Hospitality Management).

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management
 Bachelor of Science in Tourism Management

11,image name (banner-chse)

About the College
The College of Health Sciences Education has a pool of highly competent faculty members who have wide experience in teaching and actual practice of their profession.

It has established linkages with hospitals in the Region for the actual hands-on learningn experience of the students.

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology
 Bachelor of Science in Nursing
 Bachelor of Science in Nutrition and Dietetics
 Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy


12.image name (banner-cte)

About the College
The number of accolades the College has received is a manifestation of its high standards and quality instruction, research, and extension.

It is awarded as a Center of Excellence by the Commission on Higher Education, as a Center of Teacher Training by the Department of Education, and Level IV Accreditation by PACUCOA. CTE is also the producer of the region’s board placers in the Licensure Examination for Teachers (LET).

Program Offerings
 Bachelor of Elementary Education
 Bachelor of Physical Education
 Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in English
 Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in Filipino
 Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in Mathematics
 Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in Science
 Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in Social Studies
 Bachelor of Special Needs Education Major in Elementary School Teaching

13.image name (banner-ts)

About the Technical School
The Technical School aims to enhance the skills of students, making them highly employable.

The school has forged a partnership with various industries for actual learning experience of students. It has also produced passers in different TESDA exams and other government licensure exams. The UM Technical-Vocational School has campuses located in Bangoy, Davao City.

Program Offerings
Automotive Servicing
Electronic Product Assembly and Servicing
Electrical Installation Maintenance
Caregiving

14.image name (banner-bed)

It is located at the Matina campus fronting the Business and Education building, with an expansive field providing plenty of opportunities for learning and play for our students. The Tibungco campus and Tagum campus have Junior High school divisions as well.

The University of Mindanao’s Basic Education division caters to the following:
Preschool
Elementary (Grade 1 – Grade 6)
Junior High School (Grade 7 – Grade 10)
Senior High School

Academic Departments
Professional Schools
College of Legal Education
College of Accounting Education
College of Architecture and Fine Arts Education
College of Arts and Sciences Education
College of Business Administration Education
College of Computing Education
College of Criminal Justice Education
College of Engineering Education
College of Hospitality Education
College of Health Science Education
College of Teacher Education
Technical School
Basic Education Department


