About UM Digos
Leading the way to Excellence

VISION

The University of Mindanao envisions to be a leading globally engaged
university creating sustainable impact in society.

MISSION

The University of Mindanao seeks to provide a dynamic learning
environment through the highest standard of instruction, research,
extension, and production in a private non-sectarian institution
committed to democratizing access to education.

PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION

Transformative education through polishing diamonds in the rough.

CORE VALUES

EXCELLENCE

We are committed to world-class customer service and quality as we
excel for the mutual success of our stakeholders. We ensure that our
product and services are on par with the global standards to ensure its
responsiveness and impact on our stakeholders and the community
and country in general.

HONESTY AND INTEGERITY

Our organization establishes utmost trust and ensures transparency in
dealing with our stakeholders. We practice accountability in all our
undertakings especially those that involve our stakeholders.
Professionalism is at the core of our thrusts as an academic institution.

INNOVATION

We always think outside the box to be of prime service to our
stakeholders. We do this by continuously introducing new programs as
value added benefits to our clients.

TEAMWORK

We believe in the concept that "the whole is greater than the sum of its
parts." We value the collective effort of every stakeholder through
synergy, cooperation, collaboration, and "/esprit de corps"/ as it is
integral to the success of the institution.

Why Choose UMDC
Reasons to Choose UMDC

Affordable
Low and Affordable Tuition and Miscellaneous Fees.

Open Education
No Entrance Examination. Transformative education through polishing diamonds in the rough.

Quality
Highly Trained and Qualified Faculty and Staff. Strong Quality Assurance System.

Opportunity
Wide variety of programs and scholarship grants.

Facility and Laboratory
Using state-of-the-art facilities including research laboratories, data centers, and educational learning tools.

Technology
Stable learning management system that aids student with their day to day learning and activities

youtube links
https://youtu.be/FbFUavTkgpg
https://youtu.be/d-pKp68VptM

UM Digos
Copyright © 2024, All Rights Reserved. UM Digos Website

 Terms and Conditions
 Privacy Notice



Quick Links
 About UM
 Contact Us
 Admission
 News
 Events
 Legion of Topnotchers
 FAQ
 Login
